Hey guys.
As you were watching the course you might experience these two following issues.
The video quality goes bananas and the transcript does not match exactly what I'm saying in the video.
Please be aware that both of these issues have nothing to do with this specific course or how the course
was recorded meaning you might experience the same issues in different courses as well.
So the first issue you might encounter could be a bad video quality where as you were watching the course
screen might go blur and it will be very very hard to read anything off the screen.
Well I don't want to bore you with details of what causes that particular issue.
Short answer would be auto resolution.
The fix is very simple.
Just click on the settings cog and choose 720.
If your internet connection is slow you might need to go for even lower resolution but in most cases
720 will do the job.
So imagine you're watching the course and all of a sudden the video quality gets bad.
Just head over to a cog icon.
Click on it and pick 720 AP.
If your internet connection is slow you might need to go for lower resolution.
But in most cases 720 will do the job.
Now the second issue you might encounter is transcript being off.
Meaning if you're watching the course with subtitles on and the text does not match exactly what I'm
saying in the video.
Again instructors have no control over it and unfortunately at this point in time I cannot provide you
with any possible fix for this particular issue.